>> And now, the host of
the nationally syndicated,
Coast to Coast
A.M. and GAIAM TV,
bring you Beyond Belief
with George Noory.
>> Well, hello there.
Welcome to Beyond Belief.
All of us, everybody in this
studio, everybody watching us
at home, possesses the
ability of psychic power.
It's within us.
And tonight on
Beyond Belief we're
going to talk with a
very special person.
A spiritual teacher, a
clairvoyant counselor,
Dr. Lauren Cielo, with us!
Lauren!
[Applause] How are you?
Welcome.
It's good to see you.
>> It's good to be here.
>> I've talked with
you so many times.
>> Yes.
>> Well, what are
these presents?
>> Well those are some
crystals that I brought.
I'm going to show everyone
how to swing a pendulum.
And it's probably one of the
easiest ways for everybody
to tap into their
own psychic ability.
Of course I train people, but
that could take some time.
This, you can get yes/no
answers immediately.
>> I use it as a truth detector.
And I'll tell you
a funny story later
that I did at a
party, which almost
ended in disaster for the guy
that was holding the pendulum.
It's an incredible story.
What's the difference between
a psychic and someone who's
clairvoyant, or is it the same?
>> Well, I think the term
psychic is kind of a broad
term.
Each chakra that we
have, the seven chakras
that run down the midline
of the body, each of them
can read energy.
So psychics read energy
within any chakra.
I use this chakra.
This is clairvoyance.
This is clairaudience.
This is a gut feeling.
So each chakra can read energy.
This one reads energy as color.
>> So when we say we have this
gut feeling about something,
is it truly emanating from
down here in this region?
>> Absolutely.
>> How did they ever know that?
>> Well the thing that really
gets me is how did they know
about the third eye?
Because each chakra connects
in to an organ in our body.
So what fascinates me
is the sixth chakra,
in my technique, plugs
into the pineal gland.
The pineal gland has
photoreceptors on it.
So that's why I see color.
And yet they knew that thousands
of years ago before they
ever knew that there were
photoreceptors on the pineal.
So that, to me, it
kind of shows you
that we know a lot
more, maybe in the past,
than we even do now
with our technology.
>> Lauren let's talk about a
little bit about the astral
plane first of all.
When I was 11 years
old, I missed school.
I never missed school.
I never miss work, but when
I do, very rarely, it's big.
And so, I had a fever.
I woke up.
But I was bouncing on
the ceiling looking down
at my body.
11 years old and
I'm going, "Whoa!
What a dream is this!
Look at me!"
The moment I said that, it
rammed me back into the body,
jolted me, and I realized
this wasn't a dream.
This was all real.
I ran to the library.
In those days we
didn't have computers.
I go way back.
And I found a book
on astral projection
and I started reading it.
And sure enough, that's
exactly what happened to me.
What is the astral plane?
>> Well to me the astral
plane is the real world.
This isn't real.
This is actually
a replica of about
the third and fourth
layer of the astral.
So there's really 12.
And if you like to hover near
the bottom of the astral plane,
it's kind of dense we might say.
>> Algae dwellers.
[Laughing] >>
Right, right, right.
The top of the astral plane
you might think of as heaven.
So really, every single
night when we fall asleep,
our divine soul leaves the
Homosapien that we're stuck in
and it goes home to
the astral plane.
And if you remember
any of that trip home,
you'll call it a dream.
So I had somebody
call me one time
and said he'd been
bothered by nightmares.
And I said, go higher.
So literally program your
sleep to take you higher
onto the astral plane.
>> That's a good point.
>> So what's happening
with this reality,
is we're getting ready to
move to the fifth astral,
like a replica of the fifth,
so basically all of the energy
that's hitting our planet,
that's making us really,
really smart, our left brain,
you know, all our technology,
it's also affecting
the right brain.
So I would say
that we're not only
becoming really,
really smart, we're
becoming really, really psychic.
I was an engineer
who moved into this.
>> You were an engineer?
>> Yes.
Absolutely an engineer.
>> You gave it all up?
Right?
>> Yeah, my parents are still
wondering why I did that.
[Laughing] >> Why
did she do that?
>> But for me, it's really like
the serpent is swallowing its
tail.
The religion and
science have now
come together in what
we call quantum physics.
>> Okay.
>> So I consider myself to be
more of a, [pause] working with
quantum physics than I do, what
I would call, woo woo magic.
So, to me, it's left
brain hard science.
>> There's a science behind it.
>> Absolutely.
So the astral plane is
where we really dwell.
And when we decide with
the help of our guides
that's it time to have
another incarnation,
we decide where we're going to
land, when we're going to land,
what kind of body, whether
it'll be male or female, who
our parents will be is
a huge consideration
and somebody told me
one time, "Well you
know I think I've worked
through my mom's death."
And I said, "Well if you would
have worked through your mom's
death, you'd be dead."
Because you pick
your parents very,
very carefully so that
you can have the life
experience that you want.
>> Well then I did a
good job picking mine.
Because they were best.
My mom's still alive, dad
isn't, but one of a kind,
both of them.
>> Well the thing about the
astral plane is you can,
like I said, you can program
your sleep and you can learn
whatever you want.
Because there's actually
classrooms up there.
So if you want to learn
to dance the flamenco,
you might want to ask
your guides to take you
to a flamenco master.
I understand.
>> That's what I'm missing!
>> [Laughter].
I understand it's a very
difficult dance to learn.
So like Mozart, we
all thought that he
was this child prodigy that
just sat down at the piano
and plucked out a concerto.
No.
He did it first on
the astral and then
that made it really easy to
bring onto the Earth planet.
>> It was easy to
bring with him.
>> Think about when you're
trying to write something.
Like, for me, a new page
for my website or blog,
I know if I've done it
on the astral the night
before because I just
type it out, you know?
If I haven't, it's like
[whispering] backspace,
backspace, backspace.
So that way you can
really start leveraging,
well you're experience here, by
understanding the real world,
which is the astral plane.
And I think that's what
I teach my students is
that this world isn't
real and once you
learn what the real
world is about,
then you can
manipulate this world
into what you want it to be.
>> Exactly.
Is it true that
when we go to sleep,
the astral body connected
to the physical body
by some silver cord, kind of
like floats above it originally
and energizes your
physical body that way?
>> That is absolutely true.
We have an astral
body that actually
fits into our physical
body when we're awake.
As soon as you fall
asleep, have you,
you've probably felt
the falling asleep.
>> And the jarring affect
when it comes back in.
>> Exactly.
So really where we
tend to want to ride
is in the center of our
head, although a lot of us
never go there.
But that's really
kind of the cockpit
or the driver's seat
of our Homosapien body.
So as we're falling asleep, we
fall down to our third chakra,
and that's the connection
between our astral body.
You know, it's the
infamous silver cord,
because once you're
silver cord gets severed.
>> You're dead.
[Laughter] >> Yet,
in the astral plane,
you could go to incredible
places, stretch that cord
and it won't break.
>> Oh no.
It'll never break
until you're ready.
>> Yeah.
Exactly.
And that's what scares the
living daylights out of people.
I have researched
astral projection
and there are these
planes of existence,
as you were mentioning,
you can stay at the bottom,
you can go to the top.
There are some areas that you
don't want to fool around with.
As Hereward Carrington and
Sylvan Muldoon once said,
"Get out of that plane."
Because these are entities
you don't want to be around.
Is that health?
>> Well I think that's where
we get the concept of a heaven
and hell.
But it's really
not heaven and hell
and you'll be
attracted to whatever
layer resinates with you more.
It's not that you're forced
into one if you're bad
or you're good.
It's almost like what
you're, like your friends.
Like your friends are
your friends for a reason.
You kind of, you know, have.
>> And they might have
been in many lives.
>> Exactly.
>> So we're more attracted to
the layers of the astral that
we kind of have the
same vibration with.
And, of course, what
we're trying to do
is work our way up.
If we actually go to the
highest level of the astral
when we're sleeping,
we won't remember it.
This is where, what I call,
the supreme being, archangels,
and a suited master reside.
>> Can you, as I did
when I was 11 years old,
can you wake up in
the astral plane?
Fully conscious and just
realize what you're doing
and then begin to control it.
And then you might
say, "Hey, I'm
going to take this
astral body and I'm
going to see what
Mars looks like?
Or I'm going to go and explore
the far side of the moon?
Or I'm going to go
beyond this solar system,
into the Milky Way
Galaxy in a deep way?
Can you do that?
>> Well what it really is is
since this reality is a replica
of like three and four, as
far as you go in this reality;
it's the replica
of three and four.
So, when you incarnate,
you can actually
incarnate on a world in a
completely different creation
that might be vibrating
on the seventh plane
where you would
be, have a, you'd
live in a completely
different kind of animal,
so really it's not that
you can go from this layer
to another in this body.
So you've got to get out
into your astral body
like you mentioned.
>> You must.
>> But it's way farther
than the Milky Way.
The Milky Way is still.
>> It's endless.
It absolutely is.
And, by the way, if
you go higher than 12,
you end up back at 1.
So it's a circle, a cycle.
>> How comes some people, I've
not had one since 11 years old,
I have tried,
Lauren, as you know,
I've had a number of guests on
to try to teach me how to redo
it, I have a block somewhere.
I can't do it.
Yet some people, like
the late Robert Monroe,
they were able to do it at will.
How come they can do that?
>> Well that's where energy
comes in and I think that's why
my background as an engineer
made it so easy for me to make
this jump, which other people
think that it's like, you know,
180 degrees out, where to me,
it's just around the corner.
>> Right.
>> Because there's a little
bit of energy that might be
in your space that you got from
your childhood, from the TV,
maybe you even brought it in
from a past life where you were
really psychic and maybe it
didn't work out so well for you
in that lifetime George?
So.
>> No!
>> So what I teach is how to
move the energy out of the way.
So everyone is psychic.
We all are getting psychic
impression all the time,
we just don't realize it.
If I could walk around
like little Jiminy
Cricket on your shoulder
and go [whispering],
"George," that thought
was a psychic impulse
from someone else.
It wasn't your stream
of consciousness;
you got that as
a psychic impulse
that was sent by someone else.
>> Has that been you
on my little shoulder?
>> Yes it has.
>> Doing your thing, huh?
Just pushing me, guiding me.
>> Pushing you forward.
>> In that direction.
But it's an amazing ability if
you're able to do it at will,
isn't it?
>>Yes it is.
>> How about you?
Can you do it?
>> You know I do
it all the time.
Especially when I'm
reading, I'm not
reading I'm not really
in this reality.
Like I said, the
center of our head
is really where
we're meant to ride,
and from the center
of your head,
you can see all of
the astral plane.
So when I'm reading,
that's what I'm reading,
is the astral plane, as
well as the akashic records,
people's spirit guides,
those that have passed over.
So, I really read energy and
since everything is made out
of energy, I can read anything.
>> Super.
Let's take some questions.
Dr. Lauren Cielo.
Let's restrict it, on this
segment, to astral projection.
Yes sir?
>> Hi, have you always been able
to astral project and how would
someone, like one of us normal
people, learn how to do that?
>> Well you know, when I
started my psychic training,
I didn't really
consider myself psychic,
I was more of an an
athlete engineer.
Right?
And all my classmates
are telling everybody
about all these
great experiences
they had as a child, you know,
seeing fairies or something
like.
I had nothing like that.
So, once we got
to the point where
we were visiting the astral
plane, I was like, oh my gosh,
I used to do this as a child.
You call it daydreaming, right?
So that is astral
projection, literally.
SO I would say yes, I've
always been able to do it,
but nobody told me
that's what it was named.
And I'll even go further,
I'll say that you
may be more psychic than I am.
You know, like, innately.
If I were to sit down and
give you a few little tips
and techniques, you could
do what I do in a heartbeat.
>> And it's unbelievable
once you do it.
>> Yeah, it's exciting!
>> The places you go, the
knowledge you come back.
I actually believe it's a
little like remote viewing,
but it helps people in their
day to day life, doesn't it?
>> Oh, absolutely.
I think that's really,
you know, maybe what
my work is all about.
Is to show everybody
that you don't
have to believe what the person
behind the pulpit or the podium
is telling you,
that you really do
have access to all this
information yourself?
>> Yeah.
Just go do it.
How about some more questions?
Yes sir, right in the back.
>> Do you believe they're
using astral projection
as a government type to find
people or find anything,
you know, in this world?
>> Absolutely.
And I think governments
have always done that.
I think even better,
scandalers do
that, people that want to win
the lottery or pass big tests.
>> I'm going to Vegas!
[Laughter] >> Going to Vegas.
Right, right.
>> But you're right.
I think they've used it.
You know, the government
had, of course,
the Stargate Program, where
they did remote viewing
on an active way, they
said they disbanded it,
they're not using the
original people who did it,
but I suspect it's
still ongoing.
>> Oh I absolutely think so.
And think about Vegas.
Think about the pit boss.
That is a psychic warrior
there to defeat you.
As soon as you start
winning big the pit boss
and gives you the hairy
eyeball and all of a sudden
your luck changes.
>> That's right.
Or remember the
movie, "The Cooler?"
William Macy.
Where energy literally
could make or break
somebody on a winning streak?
And William Macy was
a psychic vampire.
The poor guy just drained
people wherever he was
and he was hired, in the
movie, to go to hot tables,
people who were winning
money, and sit next to them.
And they'd lose.
They'd lose.
Tom and I had a story, we
went to Vegas a long time ago,
and we were playing blackjack.
And there's a little,
it was an unusual game
because they had a
wheel of fortune wheel
with it, which
they don't normally
have at a blackjack table.
And a little circle where you
could put a dollar down there.
If you got a blackjack,
you got to spin the wheel
and wherever it
landed, you would also
get that extra money.
And it was from a dollar
to a thousand dollars.
For a dollar down on the table.
So Tom and I are there
playing and there's
a guy sitting between us.
I got a little dollar
in the little circle
and I get a blackjack.
So I go, "Tommy!
We get to spin the wheel.
Let's concentrate on
the thousand dollars,
we can move this wheel."
And he said, "Alright,
I'm all for it."
And the guy in
the middle I said,
"We need three
people to do this."
And he went, "This won't
work, I'm not doing it."
So I said, "Fine."
We spin the wheel, and Tommy
and I are concentrating.
You know, this is a huge
wheel and its going click,
click, click, click, click.
And it's getting closer
to the thousand dollars.
And I'm looking at Tom
and we're concentrating,
and we're going
we're going do it.
Yet the guy in the middle
continues with his negativity.
This thing stopped one click
from the thousand dollars.
I ended up winning a dollar.
[Laughter]
It really works.
The energy really works, and
I'm convinced, as you are,
government continues to
experiment and to try
and people can use it
in their everyday lives.
>> Yes, absolutely.
I had one gentleman
contact me and he wanted
to know how to access
the astral plane
and he was trying
to send an e mail,
he was a hard
science guy, and he
was trying to send an e
mail to the astral plane.
>> Perfect.
>> I'd loved it of course.
And so we were talking
and he goes, "Yeah, I just
want to build a machine
that can send messages
to the astral plane."
And I said, "We already have
one." >> This is the machine.
>> [Laughter] We
already have one.
>> That's right.
Let's take some more questions.
Yes ma'am?
>> Could you explain the natural
paralysis that happens with
astral projection
that scares people?
>> Good question.
>> Right.
So what happens is your
body has to turn itself off.
It does when you sleep anyway.
Otherwise you'd be thrashing
around as you're dreaming.
So really it's kind of a,
like a biological mechanism
to keep you from thrashing
while you're sleeping, I guess,
so as you're astral
projecting, if you come back
before that mechanism.
>> It's jarring.
>> Yes.
And you can't move.
Right?
You wake up and
you're like, "Ah!
I can't move!" >> It's scary.
>> It is scary, right.
So that's what it really is.
It's more of a thing about
our animal that we live in.
The most important
thing to remember
is you're not that animal.
You're the divine soul
that comes in and out
of that animal.
And as you can go
to the astral plane
to learn, you want
to talk to Jesus,
you want to talk to Buddha,
whoever you want to talk to,
you want to talk to me.
I'd like you to meet me on
the astral plane anytime
and we can talk.
Really while you're
gone, you can also
get a healing on your animal.
You can ask your guides,
"Hey, reprogram me."
Let's use the example of
dancing the flamenco again.
So I might tell
my healing master,
I have this big
guide I work with,
his name is Onky
Yaya [phonetic],
people call him Uncle Yaya, but.
>> Onka yaya?
>> Onka yaya.
He's half Egyptian
and half Mayan.
So he's really my go-to guy.
He's one that whenever
I have a question,
he's the one that
says, "Okay, sit down.
I got to lay it out to you."
I've chewed his
ear so many times,
you know, my mom
doesn't love me.
My, you know, blah
blah, he's like,
"Okay, let's get to
the bottom of this."
So he's really my go-to guy.
So when I fall
asleep, if I wanted
to learn to dance the
flamenco, I would ask him,
"Take me to a level
of the astral plane
where I can talk to
a flamenco master
and also while I'm gone, detail
this monkey, detail my car,
take all the clumsiness
out of its feet."
Right?
So that when I get
back I know how
to dance the flamenco
and this body can do it.
So that's a two, I
call it astral healing,
and once my students learn
that, it changes their life.
Don't let another night go by
where you're not programming
what it is that you'll
learn, what you'll heal,
what you'll shift, both as
soul and then also your animal.
Because we're eternal spirits.
When you come back into your
body, after being asleep,
the only way you know who you
are and what incarnation you're
having is by the
information that you've
gathered in your chakras.
And each chakra has a
different vibration.
It holds different
types of information.
So, for me, to move
out of engineering
and to become a
professional psychic,
I had to reprogram a lot of the
information in my third chakra,
because that's where the
chakras that hold career.
So I had to take out all that
engineering and put in psychic.
So every night I
would go to sleep,
I would wake up more
psychic and less engineer.
>> And you'll find when you
are going to sleep that jarring
feeling that we all feel
right before we fall asleep,
is the astral body either
coming in or going out
and our consciousness is still
awake and it [smacking sound]
comes back in real fast.
>> Exactly.
>> The astral body really only
comes out when you can truly
meditate it out.
Or you fall asleep.
>> Exactly.
>> Lets take one more
question for Dr. Cielo.
Yes sir?
>> Hi, I was really interested
in the guide that you were
talking about.
Is he waiting for you when
you leave your astral plane?
Who is he?
Where does he come from?
Just explain about him.
>> I think he asked
you to ask that.
Because he seems to work his
way into every single time
I'm talking to somebody.
So in the technique
I'm trained in,
each healer gets contracted in
what's called a healing master.
And the healing master
is specifically trained
on the astral plane to heal.
And what we call
a healing, doesn't
mean to make you better,
doesn't mean to cure you;
it only means to
shift and change you.
So, to him, he's
been trained, he's
been sitting there
waiting for, my teacher,
to hook us together
in a contract.
Once that contract
was struck, I met him,
I started working with him.
His valance, in other
words what he looks like,
is a huge, muscular,
scantily clothed black man,
which was a little bit
hard for me to get used to.
[Laughter] I was
kind of like, "Whoa!
You look more like a
warrior than a healer."
And the two lifetimes that he
pulls the information from,
is his Mayan lifetime and
his Egyptian lifetime.
>> Two separate lifetimes?
>> Right, two
separate lifetimes.
And so when I first
met him, I said,
"Well why are you so muscular?"
And, it's the most
interesting, he's fantastic.
He's got all of this
crazy information.
He said, "Back in
Egypt, when they picked
who would be put
into the priesthood,
they would pick
really big guys."
Because it was all
about production,
so you had to look good
standing in front of the,
you know, big pyramid.
Yeah, you had to
big and muscular.
So that's what he looks like.
Once I graduated, you know and
I know longer have that teacher,
he became my teacher.
So, really the way
my work goes is
I'm not really above my clients
or students, I'm before them.
So the things that I've
struggled with, with his help,
all of a sudden become my
workshops and my classes.
So I'll take a question to him
and then the next couple weeks,
things start to align
for me, I figure it out,
write the workshop, and put
it up on my website to sell.
>> Super.
Lauren let's talk a little
bit about the pendulum.
>> Okay.
>> Tell us about it
and how it works,
and then I'm going to tell
my story of how I used it,
and I'm going to do a little
demonstration, as well.
>> Okay, perfect.
>> How does it work?
>> Well one of the things that
people get frustrated when they
try to learn the pendulum, and
I think that's really where
my work comes in.
To me it's not magic.
It's science.
So the pendulum really picks
up on little subtle energy
shifts in your space.
So, of course, if you've ever
tried to swing a pendulum,
the first thing you're going to
tell me is, I don't trust it.
How do I trust that
it's working right?
So I have a fool proof
way, a scientific way,
to teach you how to
swing a pendulum.
The first thing,
and it's probably
the most difficult part
of this whole exercise,
is you have to find out.
Well, let's do this.
George, would you
take one of your hands
and feel these crystals and
decide which one you like best?
>> I like this one,
I've been admiring this,
because it looks like
a diamond, doesn't it?
>> Perfect.
So you see George picked
the stone with this hand.
We're going to call
that his receiving hand.
So that's the hardest
part to figure out
is which is your receiving hand
and which is your sending hand.
>> Now generally is your
receiving hand your strong
hand, your arm?
>> No I don't really think so.
>> Okay.
>> I think it's pretty, I
think it's pretty individual.
So you have to fake
yourself out and figure out
which is your receiving hand.
>> Just to be on the safe side.
>> Right.
>> Accurate side.
>> Yeah, exactly.
So, try to fake yourself out.
Right?
Maybe put some runes down
or some tarot cards or maybe
like these gemstones, and
just kind of unconsciously
just reach up and go,
"Oh, oh I like this one.
Oh, I was doing it
with this hand."
Okay?
Then, take a pin, like
I've got one right here,
and put a big 'R' on that palm.
R. Receiving.
On the other hand,
put a P. Pendulum.
That's the hand
you're always going
to put your pendulum in,
always, always, always, always.
Okay?
And then take a marker and put
on your hand, a negative sign,
on your index finger, positive
on your middle finger,
negative on ring, and positive
on pinky, and then a zero
on your thumb, and now you're
ready to swing the pendulum.
Okay?
So.
[Pause] The pluses and
minus equal polarity
on my hands and that's
how everybody's hand is.
Positive, negative,
positive, negative.
Both hands, right?
So knowing that, when you hold
the pendulum in your P hand,
you have to hold it
with a negative charge.
So it has to be a positive,
a negative, and a neutral.
So you have to hold it with
three fingers, only three.
Not two.
Always three.
Okay?
So this is how you do it.
Now that you've got the
positive and negative
on your other hand, you'll
know how this pendulum says yes
and no.
Because that's all it can
tell you is yes, no, or maybe.
Right?
>> To questions or thoughts.
>> Right.
To questions.
Once you've gotten
to this point you're
well on your way to swinging
the pendulum accurately.
Each pendulum will
swing different for you.
>> And it's remarkable
how it works.
[Dr. Cielo laughter]
It's scary remarkable.
>> It is weird.
So this pendulum I was
playing with in the back
and it swings like the pendulum
I use at home, so just hold it,
remember you have to have
three fingers to cancel out
any charge on the pendulum.
And then you open your hand,
this is only for the first time
to figure out how that
pendulum talks to me.
It was always talk
to me the same way,
once I learn a pendulum.
Okay?
So this is how you finally
learn positive and negative
the first time
you play with one.
You hold your hand that's got
the positive and negative and
neutral written on it.
You take the pendulum and
you hold it over the negative
and it starts to swing No.
You move it over the positive
and it starts to swing Yes.
Over the negative it
instantly switches to No
and back to positive
it goes Yes.
And if you hold it over
this one, it's a maybe.
So that's it.
Right?
>> I love it.
>> Always swings the same, but
you have to remember which is
your pendulum hand, because
if you hold it in this hand,
it'll be exactly opposite.
No will be yes and
yes will be no.
>> Let me show you something
and you be our teacher here,
for a second.
I've done this all my life.
I don't know how I learned
it or how I stumbled into it,
but I did.
And the technique that
I use is like you said.
This is remarkable, because
I didn't know any of this
as a science, as you do, yet
it matches up to everything
I've done with this.
>> Sweet.
>> So when I was a kid I took
a piece of paper and wrote
yes/no, right?
When you say yes to
someone, what do you do?
You nod your head, up and down.
And no, you do this.
So this is what I made.
And so I said to
myself, "Okay, now I'm
going to start
asking questions."
And I would hold the
pendulum like this,
with my three fingers,
and I would think Maybe.
And you did the circle
and look what happens
to me, when I'm thinking maybe.
Now I'm not doing this
consciously, at all.
I don't know what's doing it.
And then I would think yes,
it would go back and forth,
and I would think
no and it would
go [pause] once it figures out
where no is, back and forth.
See?
And I would ask myself questions
and get answers for myself.
I don't do this much
at parties anymore.
Let me tell you what I did.
I had a, we were at a
party once, years ago,
and my buddy was there and
he was there with his wife,
and there must have
been 10 people there.
And old George pulls
out his pendulum.
And I did much like Dr.
Cielo has told us, find out
the hand that works.
I used both hands, they
seemed to work for me,
but in this particular
case we used his right hand
and I would do the yes or
no thing, I wrote it down,
and I'd start asking him
questions, about his job,
about his business.
And everybody was
laughing and drinking wine
and having a great time.
And he was saying, "My
god, that's right."
Or, "We're working
on a new product,"
and it just told you yes we are.
And then, out of the
blue, I said, "Have you
ever had an affair
on your wife?"
And it starts going like
this, just like that!
And she sees this and I think
they almost got a divorce.
It was a disaster of
biblical proportions.
It works.
It works too well.
>> Sometimes being a
psychic at a cocktail part.
[Laughter] >> So sometimes
when people say, "Hold this,
I'm going to ask
you a question."
I just drop it.
[Laughter] >> Well see once you
know how to use your pendulum,
you can start divining right?
So if I wanted to know which
of these healing crystals
I should meditate
with right now?
So I would just, and this
is how I ask the questions.
And this helps too.
The very first question I always
ask is, "Are we communicating?"
Yes.
Now, this one, "Do you know
the answer to the question
I'm about to ask?"
Yes.
Otherwise, I'm like done.
Right?
It's not communicating with me
and it doesn't know the answer.
>> Alright, let me ask
you a couple of questions.
I won't embarrass you, I
won't put you on the spot.
>> [Laughter] Okay.
Yeah, don't ask me if
I've had an affair.
>> Because it truly
is a truth mechanism.
You can't stop it.
Are you enjoying
this television show?
See?
It's a huge yes.
Were you nervous before
you came out here?
Whoa!
A huge yes.
[Dr. Cielo laughing].
Am I not the best television
host you've ever met?
It better say yes!
[Laughter] It's
amazing how that works.
Where do people get little
pendulums like that?
>> On my website.
>> Perfect, and that is?
>> Goldenrosepsychic.com.
>> Super.
Let's talk a little
bit about demons.
[Pause] I've seen a
lot of possessed people
in my life who shape shift.
They go from one person
to the next, instantly.
What is a demon, as far
as you're concerned?
>> Well, in my technique we
have three types of beings.
Beings with bodies,
that's everybody
that's seated right now.
Beings without bodies,
that's everybody that's
floating around up there.
And then the supreme
being, what you
might think of God,
Buddha, whatever
your religious background is.
So beings with bodies love to
channel beings without bodies.
When I was in college,
I was an athlete.
Oh my gosh, I have a
competition being that will win.
>> You have to win.
>> Absolutely.
And, and, you know,
cutthroat, do anything to win.
Then I became an engineer.
In the board room with
the VP of engineering,
it's a little embarrassing when
your competition being comes in
and you're just like blah.
>> And you have to beat him.
>> Yes.
And so, what happens
is some people tend
to channel more than others.
So when I'm working with
someone who you might consider
to be split
personality, what we do
is we start canceling
those contracts
with all of those beings
that they're channeling.
And usually beings
plug right in.
If you're an opera
singer, I bet you've
got a being that plugs
into your throat, right?
Or if you're a talk
show host, you probably
have a being that
plugs into your throat.
>> [Speaking in a high
voice] Well mine has left me
for awhile.
[Laughter] >> So
when it gets out
of control, that's
when you start
seeing people who, like
instantaneous, switch
from one energy to the other.
It's because they're channeling.
But these beings
that we channel,
they don't know good from bad.
Right?
That's only a construct of this
replica of the third and fourth
astral plane.
We're in duality.
Right?
Good, bad, male,
female, yes, no, right?
Republican, democrat, right?
But in the real world,
there is no good or evil.
So if you keep saying, "I don't
have enough money to pay rent.
I don't have enough
money to pay rent."
All of the beings that
you have contracts
with go, "Oh, cat
bill, flat tire,
we can't have
money to pay rent."
It's not that they're bad.
They're listening to me.
I'm the boss.
So people who, so what I say is
there aren't really bad beings,
there's bad contracts.
So if you've got,
you know, maybe
you lose your train of thought.
You walk into a room and
you're like, "Why am I here?"
Chances are you're channeling.
>> And confused.
>> But these demons, so you
say that they're not bad,
they're not evil.
No.
I've never seen anything in
a reading that scared me.
Now if I were to look at
your protection being,
it wouldn't look like a fairy.
It wouldn't look like
a, you know, butterfly.
It would be like a big bear
or a big monster or something
like that.
But once I ask it to drop
its valence, you know,
it doesn't really have a body.
Once I ask it to drop that,
it looks like an angel.
Right?
So there's no bad beings,
there's only bad contracts
that we're the ones
that create them and ask
the beings to sign them.
>> Well what about exorcisms,
where the Catholic Church truly
believes that they are
exorcising people to get these
bad spirits out of their system?
>> Well in my technique that
would be cancelling a bad
contract.
>> A bad contract.
>> Yep, you bet.
>> That you cut with?
>> Well I actually
had psychic tools.
Do you want to
hear how it works?
>> Yeah.
>> So basically when
I read contracts,
I see them as scrolls.
And that's kind of what
my technique teaches.
Those little teeny
metaphors that connect
your right and left brain.
So, for me, if I were
to read your contract,
I would see it as a scroll and
I can see what's written on it.
We call these the
terms and conditions.
If it's a contract for you
to play on a baseball team,
they'll be nine
signatures, right?
So, everyone who's part
of the contract signs it.
So basically all I do, if
everybody's in agreement
to cancel the contract, I
just void it, destroy it,
and the being leaves.
I've never had one
say, "I'm staying,"
because they're like, "Oh,
I'm free of the contract,
I'm going to go sign more." >>
And they go to the next one.
>> Yes!
>> Interesting.
Could you pick someone
out of the audience
and do something
like that with them?
>> Sure.
>> You could?
>> Absolutely.
>> Does somebody
want to volunteer?
>> You.
>> You want to volunteer?
>> Alright, come stand up here.
Walk right up here.
What's your name?
>> Amanda.
>> And where you from?
>> I am from Longmont.
>> Alright, so.
[Inaudible background
conversation].
No.
Do you need to ask her like
a question about herself
or anything like that?
>> No.
>> Okay, so what
do you see here?
>> So basically you have
a transformative being.
And it vibrates to orange.
So it's, and it's
not really orange
but it's a vibration of energy
that my sixth chakra reads
as orange.
So it's right over your
shoulder right now,
so anytime you're ready
to make a big shift,
you call in this being
and she's a little female,
she's kind of a little girl.
You probably hooked up
with her as a child.
Her name is Maria.
So basically anytime
you're ready to make
a, like, a left turn or
right turn, call in Maria
and she works on your feet.
She stands over your shoulder,
but she gets your feet
moving in the right direction.
So you have a little
girl named Maria.
>> A little girl named Maria.
>> Is Maria helpful to her?
>> Oh absolutely, I get that
this is a great contract.
So talk to her
when you're looking
at Craig's List or online,
yeah, just kind of her plug in.
Especially because she
plugs in, you know,
she's a guide, a real
guide, and not all things
that we call spirit
guides are really guides.
This one is.
You can trust her, she'll point
you in the right direction.
>> Oh, thank you.
>> You're so welcome!
>> Good luck Amanda!
Good to see you.
>> Good to see you.
>> Now when you said,
"You can trust her."
Are there some tricksters here?
>> Oh absolutely.
And they're not
so much tricksters
as they are unevolved beings.
So I've got this
little girl, as well,
that was with me when my mom
taught me how to tie my shoe.
I can remember it, that moment.
>> And you only have
one with us or many?
>> Oh no.
Many, many, many.
So this little being, I
wouldn't ask her, you know,
should I cash out my 401K?
She has no idea.
She was with me to learn how to
tie the shoe, not to teach me,
but for my mom to
teach her, as well.
But she still hangs out with me.
So you can see she
is my spirit guide,
but I'm not going to
follow her, she watches
me tie my shoes in the morning.
>> Do these little helpers,
like her little Maria,
do they influence
her personality?
>> Absolutely.
>> They do.
>> And you can allow it to
be more so if you want to.
By bringing your contracts
into present time,
which is really important.
Like think about a relationship
contract which I read,
every reading I read
relationship contracts.
What you thought you wanted
to do with that person
when you first met them or
even before you incarnated,
may not be what
you want to do now.
So by bringing your
contracts into present time,
they're more potent and
they work better, I guess.
>> Is that why sometimes
love fizzles out?
>> Yeah, that is, you bet.
>> And in some cases
it goes on forever.
>> Right.
And so what happens
with our contracts,
it's a really easy concept,
this idea of contracts
because we have
contracts in this replica
of the third and
fourth astral plane.
But it's not like
contracts here.
They're being negotiated
every beat of your heart,
you renegotiate your contracts.
So we create them,
renegotiate them,
and destroy them on the fly.
Again, as long as everyone
whose name is on that contract
is in agreement.
That's freewill.
So I, it's not magic.
It's not like I can, you
know, dink a dink a dink
and make him love you.
That's not it.
We can attempt to
write a contract
and get him to sign it, but.
>> You can't cast
a spell on him?
>> No.
>> That's not what you do.
>> Yet some witches do that.
>> Yes I know, they do.
And that's really, if you
think of what a spell is,
it's creating a contract.
>> It is amazing
how all of this,
whether it's clairvoyancy,
psychic ability, healing,
which we'll get into,
witchcraft, you name it,
all deals with the same thing.
And that's dealing with energy.
And it just focuses itself in.
>> And I think that's why this
is such a great time for us all
to be able to understand what
used to seem like magic or, you
know, the unexplained, is
because both sides of our brain
are being stimulated by the
energy that's hitting this
planet.
One of the techniques
that we teach
is actually how to pull
more of that energy
to the planet to change it.
So as I'm reading, I'm running
energy through my body,
I'm pulling energy down out
of the cosmos that was never
going to hit this planet.
So you can imagine, and
there's hundreds, thousands
of people that are
doing what I'm doing,
the exact same technique.
So every time we plug
in to meditate or read,
we are bringing
energies down that
are making us smarter and
more psychic, and really,
are leading to the ascension
that you see on the planet.
>> Let's take some of
your questions with Dr.
Lauren Cielo as we talk about
demonology, astral projection,
you name it.
Yes sir?
Right over here.
>> How do you know what
kind of contracts you're in?
>> That was a great question.
Mostly the way you know
what contracts you have,
is by how people treat you.
Isn't that funny?
I call it the kick me side.
Right?
If you're a person
that, "Oh, you know life
has treated me bad.
You know, mom died
when I was young.
You know, money isn't
in the bank account."
These show you that
you've got contracts
with beings that make all
of that happen for you.
>> They pull you
down, don't they?
>> Absolutely.
Because you keep
telling them to.
You know, your
voice, your thoughts,
are the marching
orders and that's
what creates the contracts.
So basically, go take
it to the astral.
Now that you know how to do
astral healings, when you fall
asleep tonight,
tell your guides,
"Renegotiate my contracts
for my highest and best good,
and the good of all
in the creation."
And every single morning
when you wake up, check in,
and go, "Gosh, I do
think I can get that job.
I do think I can pass that
test." >> How much of it,
Lauren, is dealing with
those other entities
or just building that
confidence in yourself?
>> Well I think it's
really the same thing.
As a clairvoyant, besides
seeing color, I see pictures.
And that's what's
in those chakras.
Right?
So if you were to have looked
in my third chakra 10 years ago,
the only thing you would have
saw were engineering pictures.
Right?
My math teacher in
high school, "Oh, you
did really good on
that test, you should
go into the technologies."
You know, my dad, he's like he
really wanted to be an engineer
and I wanted to make
dad proud, right?
So all of that lined
up as pictures.
And what the definition
of a picture is
is a charged bit of information.
So, if you want to
change who you are,
you start to release those
images from your space.
And you start to bring new
ones in, because you actually
look at them.
Right?
So when I look at my
third chakra right now,
I don't wake up and
get on the freeway
to go to a high tech
startup like I used to.
I move into my meditation
room and clean out
and get ready to read.
The only reason is because the
information in my third chakra
has changed those
pictures that I
remember who I am
in this lifetime
and what I'm here to do.
So, you want to change yourself?
Change the information that's
encoded in your energy system.
>> Perfect.
How about some more questions?
Yes, right here.
>> You mention to ask your
guides to help you renegotiate
contracts.
Is it just enough to believe
that you have guides or is
there an exercise or
a way to figure out
who our guides are or?
How do we do that?
How do we communicate
with our guides?
>> Right, well basically the
way I teach my students is once
they know how to run that
energy that I was talking about,
the one that pulls that
cosmic energy down,
and you're going to giggle, but
what we do is we just ground
a platform, you know,
create a space for them,
put a grounding cord on it,
and ask them to step up.
And you just talk to them.
You just say, "Hey!
What do you do for me?"
And they might be
like, "Well, I help
you win athletic contests."
And I'm like, "Well, I don't
really need you anymore,
I'm too old to compete,
so I don't really
need you anymore, let
me cancel that contract
and let me bring in
maybe a guide that
helps me be more psychic."
So once you start
to realize what
it is that you
want to accomplish,
just that, starts
shifting the contracts.
But what we're doing
is we're becoming
conscious humans, which means
that that elusive other side is
now in grasp, it's in reach.
Because of the two
hemispheres of our brain
taking that step
up and integrating.
So, you know, when
you look at us, we're
no longer really running just
male or just female energy,
we're all integrating those.
Like when I think about
my great grandfather,
he couldn't have helped my great
grandmother with the children,
it's not that he didn't
want to, he couldn't.
And she couldn't go to
work, because they just
weren't running that energy.
But as we're integrating, as
we're doing this ascension,
you can do whatever
you want to do
and it's getting easier
and easier and easier.
Especially as you learn
to read energy, to me,
I'll say I was bored.
Right.
I had already been really
successful as an athlete,
very successful as an
engineer, and I thought,
and my grandmother lived
to be 95 years old,
and I thought, "Oh
my gosh, what I am I
going to do for the next, you
know, 60 years!" >> 60 years.
>> Yeah, over the next 50 years.
So then I learned to
read energy and now I
can see the real world.
So, to me, every reading, the
best way that I can describe it
is like a foreign movie.
Like part of its a
little bit familiar,
but the more you're like what
is that, and I pull at threads,
you'll show me something and
I'll start pulling on it.
Right?
And the more I pull,
the more you'll show me.
And I do another thing I call
nibbling around the edges.
You'll show me something
and I'll start talking about
and I'll start nibbling, and
then you'll show me more,
and you'll show me more.
It's very interesting and
it's very stimulating.
It's a lot of fun.
And I'll have to
say that reading,
in the technique that I
use, is never exhausting.
It is exhilarating.
And I'll say maybe even
a little addictive.
I mean the way the left and
right brain merge together
is a very interesting
energy to run
and I think more and more
of us are trying to get out
of that dichotomy of good
and bad and, you know,
and really kind of
put it together and be
senior in our lives.
And that's, once you
can read your contracts
and once you can see who your
guides are, now you're senior.
You're on the forward,
leading edge of your life.
You're not on your heels going,
"Oh what's around that corner."
Right?
You're actively creating
out in front of yourself.
>> I don't want to use money
as a barometer of success,
but Bill Gates obviously had
a better contract than I did.
>> Absolutely.
>> Why the difference?
Are his people working
harder than mine?
[Laughter] >> Well it
has to do with what
the reason that you're here.
Right?
Sole's purpose.
So you, as you're coming
from any incarnation
like I mentioned, you're
on the other side,
you're on the
astral plane, you're
vibrating at the level
you're most comfortable,
and then all of a sudden your
guides start to nudge ya.
Right?
Time to go back.
I call myself a
reluctant incarnater.
Like in other words,
there's not going
to be any near death
experiences for me.
Once I graduate, I'm done,
cut that silver cord,
I'm going home.
I call it graduation.
Right?
This is just a laboratory.
And it's a painful one,
it can be very painful.
So basically, once
you decide what
it is that you'll
learn this time,
and it seems to be a good enough
reason for you to come back,
then you start signing
those contracts.
You sign contracts with
other beings who are also
going to incarnate and
you also sign contracts
with beings that
are not going to,
that will be like your
spirit guides, right?
The beings who are going
to incarnate with you,
and I guess even the ones
that aren't, the reason
they sign your contracts
is because you have karma
with them.
Meaning that you keep doing this
thing over and over and over.
And karma isn't that you
stole my goat 2,000 years ago
and now I'm going to steal
your cat, that's not karma.
Karma is a contract that
hasn't been fulfilled.
So if in a past life I was
going to give you a healing
and I didn't do
that, guess what,
you're going to find my website,
you're going to book with me
and I'm going to get
it done this lifetime.
>> Super.
Let's take one more
question for Dr. Cielo.
Yes?
>> I find your concept of
replica really intriguing.
Lately a lot of people
have been telling me
that they're
experiencing, that they're
living in two realities.
One is very material and
dense and not so much fun.
And the other one
is extraordinary.
>> Right.
What I want to say
about that is as we're
making this shift from a
replica of three and four,
and let me tell you
what three and four are,
I never even told you.
Three is really dense.
Okay, like, if you fall asleep
and you go to the astral plane
and you lodge yourself in
three, the third level,
you'll be trying to
scream and you can't.
You'll be trying to
punch, you can't.
>> You'll be trying
to run and you can't.
>> Yeah, you can't run.
So that's a very dense plane.
Different parts of this
planet are denser, right?
If I would have been
incarnated in the Middle East,
it probably would have
been a hard time for me.
Right?
[Laughing] But then
another part of this planet
vibrates to four, and four
is friends and family.
So if you are dreaming
about friends and family,
you're at level four.
And think about it.
We're in a homosapien.
The homosapien is the most
aggressive and yet social
animal on the planet.
It makes total sense.
Aggressive, third layer,
and friends and family,
fourth layer.
Right?
We're all, how do
you learn the most?
You learn from your mom, you
learn from your boyfriend,
you learn from your kids, right?
Friends and family.
So as we're moving
to that fifth layer,
things are shifting
very quickly.
The best way to get
there effortlessly,
like you mentioned, its like,
"Ew, it's hard down here."
Your guides.
Right?
Those contracts you
have with guides.
I think the term spirit guide
is a misnomer, that's why
I like to use the word being.
Because I've got over 300 beings
that I actively have contracts
with, right?
Of course I don't know them all.
I have actually 13 that I really
know well that are actually
right here, right now.
But, basically think
of it this way.
You have incarnated in a very
special time on the planet
where we're making that
quantum jump to the fifth,
to a replica of the
fifth astral plane.
So you're the one with
skin in the game, right?
Think of your great
grandmother being here now.
Right?
Cell phone goes off;
she's under the desk
rocking back and forth.
"What was that?
It's the devil."
Right?
So, talk to your guides.
If you want to create
something, give them,
you know, tell them
when you want it,
alright, give them some
time to create it for you.
Don't tell them how to create
it, tell them what to create.
Because you'll slow them
down if you tell them how.
If you want a new
car, don't ask them
for the money for a new car,
ask them for the new car.
People win one all the time.
You might inherit one.
Right?
So tell you're guides what
you want and give them
whatever time you want to have.
>> You have to be specific.
The time comes up
and you don't get it,
and this is my
personal experience.
So I go to them
and I'm like, "Hey!
Why don't I have what I want?"
"You're in resistance."
That's the first thing they
always say and I'm like,
"Guess what?
Bring me out of resistance.
I'll give you another week."
Right?
Another week goes by,
check in with them,
and I say, "Why didn't
I get what I wanted?
And I'm not in resistance
because you brought me out
of resistance."
Right?
"It's not best for your brothers
and sisters on the planet."
That's the next
one I always hear.
Right?
In other words it's not
for the good of all.
I'm like, "Okay,
I've got it now.
I am going to cancel
the contract with you.
I'm going to get me a
better guide because this
is what I want.
I want what I want
when I want it.
If I'm in resistance,
get me out.
If it's not for the good of
all, make me not want it."
That's how to really
get great guides that
help you through this transition
into the fifth astral plane.
You're the one, that
when you do this, ouch!
Right?
You're the one who's affected
by global warming or the world
economy.
Not them.
They're just floating around.
So be tough on them, tell
them what you want or you're
going to get rid of them?
>> Can greed
interfere with this?
>> Well, you know, again,
it depends on what you want
to learn.
Think of this.
One of my students asked me,
"So didn't the soul who we named
or whose mother
named him Hitler,
didn't he get all this karma
for the things that he did?
You know why would a soul
sign those contracts to incur
the karma?"
That was her question.
It sounds like a
great question right?
>> It's a great question.
>> The answer is the only reason
that the soul named Hitler
signed those contracts was
because he already had karma.
You see?
>> Bad karma.
>> Well, it's like this.
If you run into a
serial killer, you
signed the contract to
run into a serial killer.
There wouldn't be serial killers
if we wouldn't sign contracts
with them.
I'll go the big relationship.
Jesus and Judas.
I always go to that one.
If you wanted to be a martyr
and fulfill a biblical prophecy,
who's going to sign the
contract to betray you,
so that you can have that
experience on this replica
of the astral plane?
It's going to be the soul
that loves you the most.
So the big karma events are
marriage, birthing a body,
and killing someone.
And you continue to birth,
kill, and marry the same people
over and over and over.
>> I'm two for three.
[Laughter] Healing.
Son of God.
How did he do and how
does he do what he does?
>> Contracts.
And not so much the contracts
that he wanted to sign,
but the contracts of the
other brothers and sisters
and so he says,
"Okay, I'll do it."
Alright?
So that's kind of how it works.
Like when you see, like, Bill
Gates or, you know, Jesus.
Right?
These big, big hitters of,
you know, on the earth plane
while they're here.
Usually these souls
and I'll, maybe
with, maybe this
isn't always true,
but usually the
reason that somebody
will sign those kind of
contracts isn't for themselves,
it's for all of us.
So next incarnation
who's going to be,
who's going to be the
prophet in this room?
One of us is going to be
the profit next time, right?
So that's how it works.
It's what you owe to the
other brothers and sisters
on the planet, that you think
you can pay back this lifetime
by signing the contract.
>> What about the
psychic vampires Lauren?
These people who probably
don't know what they're doing,
but they suck
energy from people.
I've been to places
where a person is sitting
at a bar at the Ritz Carlton
Hotel and nobody is around him,
and you can literally feel
this negativity coming from,
an obviously nice person, who
just can't put it together.
How does that happen?
Bad contracts?
>> Probably bad
contracts, especially
if they're completely
unconscious to it.
In other words, it's
not their intention.
>> He's not voided on purpose.
>> Right, right, right.
And that's the danger
of a channeler.
Because it's not your
intention, you just zone out
and all of a sudden you're
acting a certain way
and you don't even realize it.
That is the opposite of
being a, a conscious human.
And by the time we're
living in a replica
of the fifth astral plane,
you will be conscious.
You will be able to go,
"Wait a second, I think
I've got a kick me
contract on my back,"
or, "Every single time
I want to, you know,
have a heart to heart with
my mom, all of a sudden I
can't even get to her house.
I take the wrong turn."
It's a being that
you're channeling.
>> In St. Louis, there was a
woman who was in broadcasting
and wherever I went; wherever
I went she had to be there.
And she'd follow me.
Not a stalker, but
she was always there.
And she had the most negative
energy I have ever felt.
She exhausted me
just standing there.
And I had a buddy of
mine who would routinely
see this and witness this.
And, you know, I would try to
get away as often as I could.
One day, she came up to him.
Nice lady.
I feel sorry for her.
And she'd gone up
to my buddy, Rick,
and she said, "Rick, would
you thank George for me
for being so kind
to me even though I
know he doesn't like me."
And Rick said, which
was not the case,
it's not like I didn't like her.
But, and Rick
said, "Well what do
you mean he doesn't like you?
George thinks the world of you."
She says, "No.
Every time I'm with him, he
has to go to the bathroom."
[Dr. Cielo laughing]
And my friend said,
"He's got a bladder problem."
Bottom line is, there
are some people who
don't realize what
they're doing,
yet the negativity,
the draining,
is absolutely uncanny.
How do they change?
>> Well, one thing, the
reason you felt so depleted is
because she kept looking
for a healing from you.
>> She was draining my energy.
>> She was draining your energy.
And that's kind of the
old paradigm of healing.
When our earth was even
lower, a lower replica,
like maybe two and three,
if a healer was incarnated,
chances are the way that
we healed was either
by taking your disease
into our energetic space
and healing it, or,
throwing energy up on you
so that you'd feel great.
But now, the fact
that the planet
is rising in vibration,
those healing
masters, the archangels,
the ascended masters,
they can get here now.
So I don't do anything.
I just sit back.
I'm a neutral observer
to your energy.
If there looks an energy needs
to move, first I'll read it.
And then if you're like, "Ew,
I did not want that" I'm like,
"Oh, can I offer you a healing?"
If you say yes, then my big
Egyptian guy, Onka Yaya,
is going to come to you
and move your energy.
So I don't get depleted.
Right?
He's the one that's
giving you the healing.
So in cases like
this, when George
was discussing about
that woman, she's
actively pulling his energy for
her own, to use it for herself.
It'll never help.
It'll only, it's
almost like putting
unleaded in a diesel engine.
You might get around the block,
but pretty soon the engine
is going to crap out.
Right?
So now more than ever,
run your own energy.
Right?
If somebody, if you're
talking to a friend
and they're like, "Oh yeah,
I'm having a really hard time."
Send your guide to
help them instead
of you pushing your
energy through the phone.
It's only going to give them
a temporary little buzz,
and you're going to be depleted.
>> The worst thing to
happen is you ask a friend,
"How are you doing today?"
And they go, "Oh, not good.
This is," and then
you go why did I ask?
>> Why did I ask!
Exactly.
>> Which is amazing.
A few moments to go here.
These crystals, do they
all do different things?
>> Well these are actually my
personal healing crystals that
I play with every morning.
And, like I mentioned
with the pendulum,
I can determine which one.
>> Something like this.
>> Yeah, that's one of my
favorites, I just got that.
>> But they all do
something different?
>> Well, I absolutely use them
for different meditations might
be the way.
So this is how I
decide which one.
So are we communicating?
Yes.
Do you know the answer?
Would this be the stone I
should meditate with today?
[Pause] >> No.
>> And this is malachite.
I love that stone.
This is Tiger's Eye.
Tiger's Eye?
>> No.
>> Rose quartz?
>> Undecided.
>> Oop, it looks
like it wants it.
>> Yes.
So right now today, rose
quartz is a great stone for me.
Actually, the necklace that
I'm wearing, I have a million
of these, all
different gem stones.
I pick a necklace for
everyday by my pendulum.
>> Amazing.
>> So basically what its reading
is how the energy of the stone
mixes with my energy today.
In present time.
That's another really
important thing to remember.
You're not who you
were last moment
or who you'll be next moment.
You're who you are right now.
>> Do you use the
pendulum every day?
>> Everyday.
>> For getting you out
of any kind of situation?
>> You know, not that much.
But the great thing about
using a divination device
like the pendulum is
you can hold things
in your receiving hand.
I've seen people at some
of the co op markets, like,
does body want a banana?
Does body want a tangerine?
Right?
So it's a great way to
find out what you're
energetic system really wants.
>> Did I almost not make
it because of a snow storm
in L.A.?
[Dr. Cielo laughing] See?
Does it snowstorm here?
Truly amazing how this works.
>> Yeah, it is fun.
>> Is it the subconscious mind?
What's doing that?
I don't feel myself
moving it, so I
know I'm not physically
doing it on purpose.
What's doing it?
>> Energy.
Through me, through the body.
Doing whatever it does.
>> Absolutely.
>> It is scary though.
You've got to drop
that sometimes.
But everybody should do that.
I think its well worth it.
>> Yeah.
>> And whether you use the
yes/no technique like you do
or like I do.
It works either way you do it.
Would you get out your
website for us again?
>> Sure.
It's goldenrosepsychic.com.
>> And your book?
>> My book is "The
Power of Energy".
So like you could be
just like me, well, maybe
you don't want to
be just like me.
But you can read
energy just like I do.
The book is, The
Power of Energy:
Harness the Universe for
Clarity, Peace and Love."
>> I love it.
Let's hear it for
Dr. Lauren Cielo.
[Applause] Thank you Lauren.
Hey the next time
you're at a party
and somebody gives you
a pendulum and what's
to ask you some personal
questions, just do what I do,
drop it and run!
Thanks!
[Applause] [Music_]